protocol
in  a category of median
bend
all  your nerves are
all  the
your  body feels calm your muscles
a  very common
an  axis basically alcohol
i  don't think that's all face
but  then over an hour or two
drops  of
you  feel this
and  so there's been studies that have looked at that and have shown that crashed when you come off
of
can  actually make you feel more anxious they call it rebound
and  that can make you feel like you need to take another tablet to it were comparing
other  minds a diet
it  is one of the most potent of all the
so  point five milligrams one milligram
can  be equivalent to like five miles
milligrams  of medicine like valiant relatively speaking
a  lot more on
even  more dangerous michigan woman is now
real  living her
with
reeser  has discovered a link between zane and amantha studying two thousand
older  addled tagnos was all times in proximity seven thousand of edentate risk of developing
the  disease increased by thirty two percent for people who use medications like vanithee to six months
and  for those who use the drug longer than six months the present increased to an insane at four
put  a
personally  i love to know a little bit about the
using  psychic
healing  modality
that  we all know
these
and  you know i see a lot of content out there that is a rousing a lot of curiosity about
the
and  i think that has to do with them being grouped in their own category the fact that they have been used
since  thousand o years
at  the same time they do carry their
and  arousing that curiosity can be a very danger
not  all consecrators do this
i  see it and i see that's where the views and the energy is
curious  about trying ness
and  this guy is making a more
rather  than challenging that curiosity by clearly stating the numerous dangers that are
out  there
so  i'm going to start this self with stating the dangers as clearly as i can
they  are scheduled one compound i do not agree with that actually totally dis
but  at the same time what's right and what's reality are to
so  because of the legal status of psychedelic if you're in possession of psychologic
during  danger at all times
inherently  make
not  only that psychedelic compounds can go one or two
a  really well or they can go really
and  you know i know the promoters of these sub
difficult  experiences are like learn
you  learn
and  i'd been through that within you know these intentions and
and  dramatizing
but  there's also these horrific experiences of experience that one time
and  it's basically where your anxiety is so bad that your heart
will  literally ate and you literally feel like you're about to die and you do
anything  to
you  know it's the time to call to your chest is hurting your flash
sweats  and what caryatids time dilates it feels like forever feels
like  it's never going to
turn  and dersingham you can do to escape it might i would close my
eyes  trying to escape it and it would make it more intense and actually make it worse and yeats
dramatizing  experiences on trigger post traumatic stress
you  know they can trigger a panic attack disorder they can trigger
dissociate  of disorders like depersonalization you know and i've seen this with my own
eyes  you know i've seen the appalling
sexual  disorder in myself
you  know i took to see one time
for  some reason two years for two years after that night when i would drive the white lines on the sea
we  caused me to hallucinate so i'd have to part i care and sleep through the night
in  my car because i couldn't drive because
the  way the road was
you  know i've seen people with breakthroughs diameter
to  mean literally thrash and scream bloody murder and throw things around and there
was  there was blood involved in that
a  lot of physical injury and then coming out of the experience shaking trembling
and  for months after that having obsession about the experience and feeling like reality as
fate  feeling
you  know i've had some one take liquid ellesdee from the same patch as everybody else
and  he everybody else is tripping fine but he was running into walls tolly
freaking  out and he had to be hospitalized you know these are very real dangers in
nobody  that experience
it  happening you know nobody is like i know this is going to happen but i'm doing it anyway most
of  these people have trip before for me i trip before and everybody else i know that experience this
it  just happens and once it happens there's no stopping yet and then if there is you
know  problems that keep on going in to last for
a  class for many years you know and you can go see a psychiatrist and they won't know
what  the hell to do with you
but  is a broad castor someone on you to ever respond i feel like i have
a  responsibility to my views to be on the side of caution you know
whenever  your watch in this however many thousand people of sea
like  it's important now that i'm reaching him with the mess
that  does in a rose a curiosity but challenges it makes him think a
couple  times because as a big decision
i  could have a lot of negative report
the
his
do
whatever  relevant
and
i  wicketgate at goettingen
a  pactional of work what if we don't heatherbridge
and  think galathionne aside animal eleventh
aliens  are contact again libellously you and me for the piscatorial
me  anyway why well i never use sidonian when i look back
at  my psychedelic usage durward moments were opened up my perception
to  something new and something different as some that felt tangible and real and spiritual and i felt therapeutae
but  to me it was very fleeting and it really didn't make much sense to any one else but me
you  know and i look back and you know when i none of it got me sober none of it really
like  churning none of it really help me long term i didn't find spiritual
progression  in it subjectively i thought i was i thought it was therapeutic i thought it was helping
me  and looking back i really think that was a rationalization and the reality was that
i  just like getting high off a bit and i lied the inflated ego of thinking
that  i understood the underlying fabrics of reality